feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553f8c570f9982e013a8886.md

---
id: 6553f8c570f9982e013a8886
title: Step 43
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-43
---

# --description--

Let's make the things more complex. Currently, each single letter is always encrypted with the same letter, depending on the specified offset. What if the offset is different for each letter? That would be much more difficult to decrypt.

> The Vigenère cipher can be considered the combination of many Caesar ciphers, where the offset for each letter is determined by another text, called key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vigenère cipher can be considered the combination of many Caesar ciphers, where the offset for each letter is determined by another text, called `key`.
```

Author: key needs to be translatable, so I've changed it into italic.

---
id: 6553f8c570f9982e013a8886
title: Step 52
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-52
---

# --description--

> Currently, each single letter is always encrypted with the same letter, depending on the specified offset. What if the offset were different for each letter? That would be much more difficult to decrypt. This algorithm is referred to as the Vigenère cipher, where the offset for each letter is determined by another text, called the *key*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, every single letter is always encrypted with the same letter, depending on the specified offset. What if the offset was different for each letter? That would be much more difficult to decrypt. This algorithm is referred to as the Vigenère cipher, where the offset for each letter is determined by another text, called the *key*.
```
